What if I told you you could build full
game maps [music]
in minutes?
This is Pixel Labs Map Workshop.
>> [music]
>> You start by creating a tile set. You
can describe just two tiles, like grass
[music] and water, or drop in two single
tiles you already have.
Pixel Lab generates the full tile set
for you. Same style, perfect
transitions. Tile sets, good.
Then you build your map.
The tiles [music] auto connect as you
draw, so terrain and paths just work.
Inside the Map Workshop, [music] you can
place objects directly in the map.
There's an object creator and even
in-painting built right in [music] for
quick prompts and layout details. But if
you want to go further, you export the
map and use Inpaint V3. That's where you
add the real flavor. Statues, buildings,
ruins, [music]
landmarks. You paint only the area you
want, add detail, and keep the exact
same style. Same map, way more
personality. So here I'm going to prompt
a mailbox, and look at the outcome. It's
perfectly in style.
From two tiles to a full playable world.
If you're making games, [music]
you need to try this. Make sure to try
this out at pixellab.ai and [music] let
us know what you think.